it was only a few days ago that we
shared some price indicators for the
Google Nexus 6 for India if you've been
waiting for more concrete news then we
have that for you today the Nexus 6
India price has now been confirmed on
Google Play although at the moment it's
still listed as coming soon three days
ago we gave some info from a Google
press event in India that the Nexus 6
made by Motorola would be launched in
India by December 10th at the latest or
possibly in November a price pointer was
also given up between ours forty four
thousand and fifty thousand with the
three two GB model being at the lower
end and of course the six four GB model
the more expensive Flipkart
also listed the Nexus 6 as coming soon
but with no firm price shown and at that
time the phone wasn't showing up on the
Google Play Store India now the phone is
proudly displayed on the India Google
Play Store and official prices have been
given the three 2gb Nexus 6 price for
India is ours 44,000 while the 6 4 GB
version is confirmed at Rs 49,000 and
the phones are available in cloud white
or midnight blue color options these
prices make the Nexus 6 more costly for
India than the equivalent prices for the
United States that equate to around Rs
40,000 and ours 43,000 respectively and
that could lead to some complaints from
potential buyers Google Play India
doesn't show any shipping dates for
India yet but as the price has now
appeared it suggested that the phone
could be available within the next
couple of weeks if you're considering
purchase the Nexus 6 you might like to
take a look at a recent comparison of it
against the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 if
you've been waiting for the confirmed
Nexus 6 price for India what do you now
think about the official prices has the
cost made you think again about buying
this phone we always appreciate your
comments